Why are you complimenting me?
It's okay, I think you're very nice.
I forget it.
I'm like this, and you're making fun of me
Aren't we all the same?
How are we the same?
I was helpless.
Life is so bad
My mother died early
My dad was framed
20 years in prison
Your dad has an accident
It was taken away by the police.
What the hell is going on?
Your dad said it was suspected of violating the law
Today is a home frame
I must give my dad an explanation
Let him out
Then there is no other way to save
Is uncle out?
I only became stronger by myself
Hit this capital
But for those of us
It's so hard
So I'm already working hard, don't give up.
I've only said these things to you
Don't tell anyone
Don't worry.
I won't tell anyone
Will you feel more balanced if I say this?
But your life is better than mine after all
You don't understand, actually my life is very bad too
But sometimes seeing you is like seeing myself
I always want to be nice to you.
Hey, okay, okay.
I'll be right there.